(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 42)
Quickly move the car.
Lock the door.
Ji Soo.
No, Seo Ji Soo.
Let's go.
What are you doing, Mr. Lee? Go catch them.
Remember the shortcut I told you earlier?
Take that road. Hurry up.
How dare you...
Catch Seo Ji An. It's an abduction.
We can't, Ms. No.
Your daughter is Seo Ji Soo now.
Your mother is the reporter?
Yes.
I was chasing her to give something.
She must've been mistaken and reported it.
What did you have to give to her?
She'll know when you say it's Seo Ji Soo.
You can confirm it with her.
Ask the chief.
I'll pay for the fine on speeding...
and reckless driving with my sincere apologies.
Who is this woman?
Oh, me?
I was chasing him too.
He scratched my car while driving recklessly.
I was delivering to the woodworking studio.
Then why did you block the other car?
Because he was chasing the car.
I thought I had to stop that car to catch him.
Let's reach a compromise.
Sure.
He says that we should let them go.
Sign here, and you can go.
But it's not covered by insurance...
because it's a rental.
Can I pay in cash?
Can I repair it myself?
My boss said I shouldn't cover it by insurance.
Will you be able to pay...
for the repair without going through insurance?
Yes. I'll pay cash.
Cash?
It'll cost at least 2,000 dollars for the repair.
What?
Can't you just paint...
the scratch on the bumper?
Can you not...
paint the whole thing?
How much do you have?
All I have right now...
is 270 dollars.
Then I'll take 200 dollars.
Right now.
You have a good memory.
But I'm not going to act cheap about it,
or make you go work somewhere,
or show off, so give me the money.
I'll pay in installments.
Did you know that?
I've never asked for a discount.
You're right.
You asked me to paint partially.
I said I'll just take 5,000 dollars.
I was very grateful.
I feel sorry.
About what?
I reported your fight with Yoon Ha Jung...
and made you go to the police station.
I made you spend the 5,000 dollars...
for settlement money when you had to give it to me.
I'm the one who had a fight.
You were going to be a regular employee,
but it's our company who violated that promise.
If I didn't say I'll take 5,000 dollars,
you would've asked your boss to call insurance.
Probably.
Even though it's about becoming a regular job,
I couldn't pay 20,000 dollars.
If I didn't give you 20,000 dollars...
to keep your pride,
you wouldn't have asked my mother for the money.
You wouldn't have rushed to join my family either.
I'm the villain in your life.
Don't say that.
You may have started it,
but I made the choices.
Seriously.
Why do you keep blaming yourself?
It's unlike you.
Whenever I think about you,
I feel sorry for so many things.
That's because you still think I'm weak.
I told you not to do that.
You really don't have to do that.
I'm really fine now.
Was it you...
who put two movie tickets on my desk?
I had to pay back...
for the vomit incident.
So you got two movie tickets?
Yes.
What if I've gone with someone else?
Isn't it so obvious that it's me?
Why?
What do you mean?
Does that mean you have many women who'd do that?
Did you hope I don't?
Ms. No.
Yes?
They're getting ready as you ordered.
Okay. Get going.
I have to go back.
You're funny.
What are you doing? Why did you come get me?
I have to go back now.
Drive me back there.
- Let's go to the airport. - Calm down, Ji Soo.
You opened the door yourself and held my hand.
Well, I was confused.
I didn't realize what I was doing.
No.
You looked happy when you saw me.
That... That's not true.
I only came with you because it was chaotic.
I must get back now.
Ji Soo.
What you're worried about made you leave, right?
But how did you know I was leaving?
How did Do Kyung and Ji An know?
What do you think?
We all came for you when we heard the news.
I couldn't let you leave like this.
No,
the three of us couldn't let you go.
Even you too?
It seems so.
I sent you the auto shop number. Take care of it.
Yes. I sped up slightly, and the car broke down.
Sorry. Get that done for me.
We'll get there around the same time if you go now.
Okay.
Really? That's great.
Call me again when you're close.
What did he say?
Hyuk explained what happened to Yong Gook.
He'll guard the house, so Hyuk can bring her there.
Does he think that...
Mom will forcibly take Ji Soo?
Probably.
No way.
He said that Ji Soo is really nervous.
What will we do now?
I bet she's infuriated.
She probably is.
Well, do you have a plan?
When I found out she was forced to go abroad,
I didn't have time to think of a plan.
"I can't let Ji Soo leave."
"I must not let Ji Soo leave."
"Ji Soo is going to suffer there."
Then let's quickly come up with a plan.
A plan for what will happen soon.
We should...
figure out a plan after talking with Ji Soo.
Her opinion is important.
I'm scared of Ms. No,
but I think we should put Ji Soo's opinion first.
Hello, Officer Lee.
Hello, what is the problem here?
They committed illegal parking here.
- I see. - Let's go.
- They must've been busy. - Well...
I'm sorry you couldn't attend the birthday party.
I know. I'm disappointed too.
She went to the share house?
Should I tell them to bring her here?
Why did she go there out of all places?
We can't get involved with the share house.
So this is the share house.
This is where Ji An and you live.
Six of us live here.
Including Yong Gook, there are seven.
What's wrong?
I've been too nervous. That's all.
It doesn't feel real.
It feels surreal that I'm still here with you.
You will be safe and comfortable here.
Ji Soo.
Ji An.
My gosh, you forgot about your real brother.
Do Kyung.
Share your feelings later. Why don't we talk first?
She told me she will ruin the cafe and the bakery.
She threatened you?
It didn't happen yet. How could you decide to leave?
She could've been bluffing.
No, they are more than capable of doing so.
When I told her I won't go abroad,
she took away Mom's restaurant.
So to be honest,
I'm still worried.
Don't worry.
I'll go meet our parents after I change.
I was surprised to find out you also live here.
Ji Soo, you should go in and get some rest.
She almost collapsed.
Okay. Ji Soo, let's go in.
What's wrong with you?
How could you like Ji Soo after liking Ji An?
Ji An was my first love,
but I like Ji Soo.
I can't trust you.
You want to be my sister's boyfriend?
In your dreams.
I am already her boyfriend.
Hyuk, you are in big trouble now.
Is this where you've been staying?
Seo Ji Soo.
Why did you pretend that you were happy there?
You should've told me sooner.
I'm sorry.
I didn't give you the chance to tell me.
I was the only person you could talk about this.
It was the same for you too, right?
That's why you came to me that day, right?
I was the only one you could talk to.
Ji Soo.
But I slapped you.
You thought I was going to be on your side.
I only had you.
I was sorry and humiliated,
but you were the only one I could rely on.
That's why you went to end your life.
How did you know?
On my way to the airport,
I felt like I was on my way to end my life.
"This is the last time I'll be Seo Ji Soo."
"When I come back after the training,"
"I'll be Choi Eun Seok." When I thought about that,
everything that'd happened flashed by.
Do you need another reason?
I just like you for who you are.
I met her after 10 years by chance.
But she has a lot of things going on.
I cared for her and ended up helping her.
Someone I know...
climbed the mountain at night to end her life.
Why did she go to the mountain to do that?
Because she was determined to kill herself.
I am worried that Ji An might do something stupid.
I'm worried she might never come back.
I could finally connect the dots.
I could do that only then.
I'm fine now. It's all in the past now.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorrier.
After staying with that family,
I learned how they are,
but I believed you when you said you were happy.
I really thought you hated me.
How could I ever hate you?
You were my other half.
This share house turned into a hiding place.
What should we do now?
I'm sure Mother was just scaring Ji Soo.
Don't worry too much.
I'm not too worried.
I've thought about it too.
Whatever you imagine,
it might be worse than that.
Do Kyung.
Why are you coming? I said I'm going alone.
No. Ms. No saw me.
I have to apologize too.
I will talk to her well.
If I don't go, she will be even more upset.
She might misunderstand me too.
I want to tell her...
I had to do it...
regardless of you.
Even though I expect I'll get seriously yelled at.
Okay then.
Since we did it together, let's fix it together.
Did Ji Soo have a boyfriend?
How could she get off the car there?
Can you understand her?
She's the daughter of Haesung Corporation.
I am sending her there to be like one.
Will you calm down a little first?
This is very unlike you.
How can I calm down? I only get more upset.
She shook off my hand and went to his car.
You said Do Kyung and Ji An were there too.
If they went there,
there must be a good reason.
Is that important at this point?
We have to think about how to get Ji Soo back.
Do Kyung and Ji An are here.
Leave, Ji An.
How dare you enter here with Do Kyung?
Do Kyung is enough.
Let's talk after that girl leaves.
No. You should both sit.
They did this together,
so I need to hear from both of them.
I am sorry.
I heard you blocked the car on the way...
to the airport and took Ji Soo.
Ji Soo's boyfriend helped you too.
I asked Ji An for help.
I couldn't let Ji Soo go.
What do you mean you couldn't let her go?
- Ji Soo... - I scared her a little.
What do you mean?
What did you say to her?
Why on earth did you take part in it?
Do you think you have a say in this?
I know Ji Soo well.
She won't be able to manage studying abroad.
She needs to be taken care of.
And she can't survive where she...
doesn't want to go.
It's none of your business.
Who are you to say so?
Ji Soo is my little sister.
Don't try to fool me with your words.
You lied about living with Do Kyung...
in that house.
Mother, that is...
Don't say anything, Do Kyung.
You were living under the same roof,
and yet you said you weren't interested.
You said you hated our family.
I didn't lie.
I didn't ask him for permission,
and he didn't want you to know.
I just couldn't tell on him.
And I knew you'd find out soon enough...
even if I don't tell you about it.
I went into that house because of Yong Gook.
I knew Ji An was there,
so I moved in there.
Whatever you say is not important.
Words are meaningless, aren't they?
I am moving back to my family home soon.
You don't have to worry about Ji An.
I will keep the promise I made to you.
Ji Soo...
I hope you will let Ji Soo live the way she wants.
Get out!
Was my son not enough?
Now, you're trying to ruin my daughter's life too?
You want to ruin her...
because she got everything you ever wanted, right?
We heard enough. You should go, Ji An.
Yes.
I will go now.
You told her...
that you will destroy Ji Soo's boyfriend,
his sister's cafe,
and his brother-in-law's bakery...
if she didn't go study abroad.
Did you agree to this?
What?
When I told her to go, she refused.
She was so upset about it.
It was all because of that man.
Mother, how could you do this to her?
Even I couldn't believe it when Ji Soo told me.
You couldn't believe it? Why?
I was only bending some rules and using tricks...
to send her abroad...
and to protect our family.
You should know that better than anyone.
How could you do such a ridiculous thing?
Bring Ji Soo back right now.
Do Kyung, you should go now.
I need to know what you'll do with Ji Soo.
Are you going to force her to go study abroad again?
Upgrading her qualification is a must.
I told you to go now!
I will talk with your mother.
Tell Ji Soo to relax for now.
I will.
I will go now.
I need time to think.
It's cold. You should've stayed in the car.
Let's go.
It's like I'm dreaming.
I'm eating food you cooked for me.
I never even imagined it.
Don't be too afraid.
Your sister and brother are here,
and I am here too.
I am sorry.
Why are you sorry? It's not your fault.
You're eating only now?
What are you doing?
Why are you feeding my sister only now?
I didn't feel hungry.
What happened?
Father is going to talk with Mother.
He said you shouldn't worry about it.
Father didn't know.
Did Father say I shouldn't worry?
Is it possible?
What do you want to do now?
That's what matters the most.
I want to go back to working at the bakery.
And I can't stay in my parents' house now,
so I want to stay here for a while.
Is that okay?
Of course. Your brother is here.
Dad, I will find out and call you back.
Why isn't she calling?
(Contacts, Ji An)
"Dad, Ji Soo didn't go. She came back."
She came back?
"I will visit you with Ji Soo soon..."
"and explain what happened."
But why did she come back?
I'm sorry. It's my alarm.
What time is it?
You should sleep more.
I have to go to work. You should rest.
Okay.
I haven't seen that in a long time.
There's me too.
Of course.
Good thing I didn't cancel the contract for this.
- What? - Use this phone.
My wife is not in the room.
She left early in the morning.
I see.
She will come out at least once.
When she comes out,
make sure to catch her and bring her here.
I... I am sorry.
Why didn't you tell me ahead of time?
I told you that you didn't have to go.
I wanted to tell you.
However,
that would've made things too difficult for you.
You work for Grandfather,
and he decides everything.
I thought...
I could put you in a difficult position.
So it was hard for you to trust me.
It's okay. You called me now.
Yes.
Help me.
I just want to live as Seo Ji Soo.
I don't want to live as Choi Eun Seok.
Help me,
Father.
Do Kyung and Ji An formed an alliance?
Ji Soo is staying...
at Yong Gook's place,
so I can't just barge into the house.
Do Kyung and Ji An...
I can't leave Ji Soo there.
I told you it wasn't going to be easy.
I have to go get back Ji Soo.
Eun Seok is not important here.
I have a very bad feeling about this.
It won't be easy to control Do Kyung.
What should we do?
Their relationship is completely entangled.
Ji An is not to be undermined.
Ji Soo comes first now.
I can't give up on Ji Soo.
Do Kyung will come home soon.
He hasn't forgotten he's the successor of Haesung.
But if I don't fix Ji Soo now,
she will just age as a nobody.
I can't leave my daughter end up like that.
I am No Myung Hee.
I can't see my daughter living such a shabby life.
I can't bear it.
You can't give up on Eun Seok?
I can't give up on Do Kyung.
Father.
You take care of Ji Soo.
I will take care of Do Kyung.
Oh?
You left just yesterday.
Why did you come again?
I came because of Ji Soo.
What? Who could that be? Who is it?
I am Ji Soo's grandfather.
It... It's Ji Soo's grandfather.
[VIU Ver] E42 My Golden Life "It's Not True"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I knew about...
all the shameless things you've done,
and yet I didn't see you. But I am here today.
It was...
because you were worthless.
But now, I realize...
that avenging you would get me nothing,
and I'd just waste my energy.
So I just let it go.
- I am very sorry. - Stop that.
I hate people saying meaningless things.
Words mean nothing.
Then may I ask you why you are here?
Your daughter, Ji An, is unbelievably...
distressing me.
Ji... Ji An?
Did Ji An do something wrong?
It's something to do with my grandson, Do Kyung.
I don't know if it's love or attachment.
But something that should never happen...
is happening right now.
What?
- You're surprised. - I came to see that.
You should keep her under control...
before it's too late and I get blood on my hands.
I am sorry,
but did Ji An confirm this?
Did she say she was with your grandson?
If you were her, would you admit to it?
What... What do you mean?
Do you think she'd admit that they're together?
Then are you saying...
Ji An denied it?
Are you playing word games with me?
If my daughter said it's not true,
it must not be true.
What?
Ji An doesn't lie.
If she's with him, she would say it.
She'd rather get hit a thousand times...
rather than lie about something.
You can never know about your child's mind.
You foolish man.
You can never know what's in someone's mind.
That's how complicated it is.
Do you have to be really sad to cry?
Do you laugh because you're really happy?
You judge things based on your standards.
You pathetic man.
You stole another man's daughter and sold yours.
I was going to let go of that.
But now, you say you raised your daughter well.
You make me laugh by talking nonsense.
That's human.
You don't know anything about what you did.
You completely forgot.
"You sow what you reap", right?
You raised her,
and you're saying that she's honest?
She's a witch.
The way she handles men is unbelievable.
How dare she dream of becoming my family?
It's not true.
Ji An is not what you say.
The person who did your family wrong is me.
Yes. Call me a child kidnapper,
and slap me in the face.
You should avenge me for your lost 25 years...
with your granddaughter.
No, if you want to kill me,
you may kill me. However,
don't treat Ji An badly.
There's no way Ji An would want...
to get involved with your grandson.
I know my daughter. I know her that much.
Are you saying...
I don't know my grandson?
It seems like you didn't know.
That's for kidnapping my daughter 25 years ago.
This is...
for sending your daughter to my house...
and letting my grandson see...
- Honey, are you okay? - Don't!
Stay here. Stay here for now.
That was a mistake.
I am...
sorry about what we did to Ji Soo.
I am sorry.
Tae Soo,
I will make your son and daughter-in-law...
lose their jobs...
and destroy the lives...
of the rest of your family.
I came here to warn you that.
Because I give everyone just one more chance.
Don't forget.
You...
deserved to get slapped.
That's who you are.
I get it.
Tell Ji An...
everything you saw.
Mi Jung, did you have a visitor...
My goodness. Hey, Tae Soo.
Please don't tell Tae Soo about imaginary cancer...
until his anger melts away.
Why is your face so red?
Did you get hit in the face?
Go... Go to your room, and get some rest.
Hae Ja, can you come by some time later?
Okay. I will.
Let's meet during the lunch hour.
You like citrus tea, so...
I'll go back home for now.
Are you coming back home?
Father is sick too.
He'd be worried if I'm not there.
But don't tell him I'm pregnant.
We can't celebrate it.
Once Father gets better,
let's tell them about our situation.
Nothing will change.
Don't stare at me like that.
Thank you...
anyway.
For caring about my father.
That's the least I can do in my situation.
All right.
But...
let's not do that.
What?
Things are unsettled at home now.
You'd feel uncomfortable and uneasy there.
I'll tell them we had a fight.
You can stay with Seung Hun for a while.
Because things are unsettled?
Is it because of the baby?
I just don't want you to feel uncomfortable.
Father will get better in about a month.
We're trying hard to comfort him now.
And there's no reason for you to do that.
Okay.
I'd be more comfortable that way.
Call me whenever you need me.
Tell me if you need me to do anything for you.
That's not going to happen.
I should get ready to stand on my own.
Please come, and take a look at the dresses.
We have various styles. Please take a look.
Do you have this one in a different color?
Yes. We have only one left now.
But it would look great on you.
I have dark skin. I don't look good in green.
It's not selling well today.
Wouldn't that be because I wasn't here?
What took you so long?
You said you'd bring Ji Soo's clothes.
I couldn't bring them...
because the owner of the clothes came back.
The owner of the clothes came back?
Are you saying your brother left the house...
because of my sister?
Yes. I had no idea.
Do Kyung and Ji An are so silly, aren't they?
Why would they give up on Haesung Corporation?
What is Ji An going to do?
You should go.
Why?
This is a total emergency.
You and I being friends?
That's just not right.
What?
Okay. That's true.
So just go.
I don't want your family to see this.
Hello.
We have coats and padded jackets.
Try on this coat. It'd look good on you.
This coat.
Try on this coat.
How could he send me back just like that?
You found a factory to take over?
I called some factories to ask for a tour.
And there was a factory that was up for auction.
You can take it over. It's out for quick sale.
The annual capacity is 600 tons?
- That's not bad. - And it's in Bucheon.
It's close to carpentry shops in Seoul...
and lumber mills in Incheon.
How long has it been since they closed it down?
It's been about three months.
Then we should try to take over this factory.
Find the factory manager who worked here first.
What is it you wanted to tell me?
Myung Hee. Why don't we...
let our daughter, Ji Soo, off this time?
Is that what this was about?
I want to let Ji Soo...
live a life that she wants.
She's a college graduate,
works at a local bakery,
and dates a man with terrible backgrounds.
That's the life our daughter wants to live.
That all happened because we lost her.
That's why we should put things back.
Do you want her to be Choi Eun Seok like that?
I can't let her be a laughing stock.
Why not?
Do you want to lose all your children?
It's time we should...
treat Do Kyung and Ji Soo with a different mindset.
Dad will bring Do Kyung back.
And I'll bring Ji Soo back.
No, you won't.
You won't be able to bring her back against her will.
What did you say?
You don't have the right to bring her back.
Eun Seok is Seo Ji Soo now.
She's not Choi Eun Seok.
If you want to force Ji Soo to come back,
you will have to...
file a paternity suit against Ji Soo.
Then it will become public.
Are you sure you can file that lawsuit?
What happened 25 years ago will rise once again.
Your plan to launder...
her academic background in secret?
It won't happen then.
People will pry into...
Ji Soo's academic and grown-up backgrounds.
Would things stop there?
Then people will even find out...
that Ji An once joined our family.
That's it? Is that what you've been looking into?
That's it?
Why are you being so soft-hearted?
Maybe that's because I'm from an ordinary family.
Ji Soo has probably got that from my blood.
Don't forget...
that Ji Soo is not Choi Eun Seok now.
If you force her to come,
I'm not going to let it slide.
I'm asking you a favor, Myung Hee.
Hee Cafe was open about half a year ago.
And the bakery was open two years ago.
Does that mean I can't evict them from there...
even if I buy those buildings?
Yes. It's the Building Lease Protection Law.
The contract will be automatically succeeded.
Is that so?
(Lessee, Sunwoo Hee)
(Lessee, Kang Nam Goo)
Boss, do we have more orders?
No. We don't have more orders for cutting.
You should assemble the drawer...
and finish the wooden lamp.
I finished it already.
I guess I want to go home early.
Then you should go home now.
Okay.
You're home early. It's not even 5pm yet.
Let's go. I'll take you home.
You have to go.
I can't go today when Ji Soo's here.
I'll stay a few more days.
She's my sister. I'll look after her.
Did something happen?
You told my grandfather you'd move out.
Don't give him anything misunderstandable.
I can't let that happen.
But Ji Soo...
I bought food to last us a few days.
I'll tell her about that.
Others will be home late today.
Hi, Dad.
Ji An, I'd like to meet you.
Are you free after work?
I'll come home today. Can you wait for me there?
Let's take a bus.
The car died on me on the way home.
Did it? I can go on my own. Give me that.
Let me be a big brother for once and get you home.
There are a lot of people on this bus.
It's the evening rush hour.
I can't believe I'm back in this neighborhood.
I said I'd be an animal if I came back here.
I know. Why are you back?
You said you'd never see me again.
You said you were sick of me.
My dad told me...
that I should never say never.
It was understandable then.
You said you were sick of my stubbornness, right?
Did you hear that back then?
- You really said that? - Yes.
It was here.
She'll catch me?
You took your time.
How were you so fast?
I live here.
My goodness.
Is this the police?
Come to Hwanhee Church in Daebang-dong.
Fine, I'll take it, okay?
No wonder you were sick of me.
That wasn't all.
After you left, and stepped on dog poop...
while I was trying to find my keys.
Really?
The smell as I drove home was just...
I made you experience so much.
You did.
I had a lot of fun since we met over the accident.
I'd had a stable, rich, monotonous life,
but those were things...
I haven't experienced, felt, or been through.
It was entertaining.
I hope you have more good memories than bad.
Back then,
I didn't know they'd all become things I'd miss.
Isn't your favorite convenience store here?
Of course.
I'm thirsty. How about a farewell beer?
Isn't it an excuse to say they're cheaper in fours?
You alcoholic.
I usually drink 2 and take 2 home.
Today, drink at my speed.
I'll do that.
Let's go now.
The cold beer froze me from the inside.
Do you feel cold?
Yes. I think I need a hot cup of coffee.
We're handing these out for free as a promotion.
Since I haven't seen you in a while.
Gosh, thank you.
Do you eat steamed buns?
Of course. I can never have enough.
Then...
shall we eat them now?
We must. We can't refuse one's generosity.
- It's good. - It's good.
This is it. I'll take that now.
No matter how slow we walked,
we still got here.
I enjoyed...
living with you...
for the last month.
Me too.
Seo Ji An.
Do you know...
why I shouldn't stop you?
It's because...
you can't smile around me.
You smile around Hyuk...
and around Yong Gook.
You smile like yourself...
even around the carpenter...
or our other housemates,
but you can't smile around me.
That's why...
I won't ever stop you.
Don't do it. I hate it when you force a smile.
But it's not forced.
Bye.
Take care, Ji An.
I'm home.
My goodness, Ji An.
Don't tell Ji An what the chairman did.
Don't you dare.
What's the suitcase for?
Mom, Dad.
I'm moving back in. I'm living with you again.
- Dad. - Can I come in?
The door's open. Why even ask?
Do you want to know about Ji Soo?
That's one thing,
but before that,
Haesung's chairman, Chairman No, came by.
To look for Ji Soo?
No, he came because of you.
I know how responsible you are,
so I wouldn't normally say anything else, but...
Did something happen?
Was he abusive towards you or Mom?
Not at all.
He was just worried about his grandson.
He seems to have...
the wrong idea about you and his grandson.
He does have the wrong idea.
Is that so?
But Dad.
To be honest, I do like him.
Do you?
I can't control how I feel,
so I grew to like him,
but we aren't dating.
He knows too.
That's why he gave up on me too.
Since I'm back home now,
we won't meet again anyway.
Yesterday, he helped get Ji Soo back.
We couldn't let her be forced to go abroad.
Maybe that's why he got the wrong idea.
I told him that's not true before.
Did you stop Ji Soo from going abroad?
Did he not mention that?
It's a long story.
I'll tell you everything. Sit down, Dad.
No, don't bother.
What?
Don't bother telling me...
your painful past.
Why not? I'm so relieved now.
Did Ji Soo...
do something she can live with?
I believe so.
We'll visit one day.
You can go back and rest in Jeongseon.
Spend a month doing whatever you want to do.
Ji An went to Daebang-dong for a few days?
Why?
She got caught being with me while getting you.
I was afraid our mom would come over,
so I sent her home.
It's great walking to work with you.
I like it too, but isn't your hand freezing?
What? No, it's not.
Mine is.
Let's do this.
Okay.
- Is it warm? - Yes.
It is since it's in your hand and pocket.
You said it wasn't freezing earlier.
Is someone buying the building?
Well, this lady seems to like it a lot.
She'll pay double the market price.
Mr. Baker.
Nam Goo, Ji Soo is back.
Ms. Min...
(Haesung FNB Manager Replacements)
Why was the Sinchon branch have its manager replaced?
It was Ms. No's orders, sir.
You may leave.
(Ji Soo's temporary number)
Hi, Ji Soo.
Ji Soo saw you?
Good.
I'll call again later.
Did you buy...
the building Sunwoo Hyuk's family lives in?
It was an empty threat when I told Ji Soo,
but she didn't listen, so I took action.
I told you that I can't give up on her.
I can't let her be like that.
And you forced Yang Mi Jung to quit too?
That was my warning to Seo Ji An.
Yang Mi Jung saved...
our daughter's life.
Stop being so unreasonable.
That night,
that bridge got washed away in a storm.
If Seo Tae Soo hadn't found her,
Eun Seok would've gotten washed away and died.
Jo Soon Ok left her there and didn't watch her.
What do you mean?
Jo Soon Ok didn't watch her?
How do you know that?
But you think Ji Soo isn't good enough?
She isn't educated enough?
She isn't good enough for our family?
That's what you think.
You think our Ji Soo...
lacks class and elegance.
Tell me about Jo Soon Ok first.
Are you the one who smuggled her away?
You...
No Myung Hee, you...
You believe you're so classy and elegant,
but you, Myung Hee...
You lost our daughter...
while going to meet another man.
You lost Eun Seok.